Going back to the lane departure warning example.
Let's derive a couple of functional safety requirements from our first safety goal.
Our malfunction was that the steering wheel warning vibration was too strong.
The malfunction led to the safety goal that the oscillating
steering torque of a lane departure warning function shall be limited.
For the lane departure warning system,
it makes sense to define
a maximum allowed torque amplitude and a maximum allowed frequency.
From the safety goal,
we will define two functional safety requirements for the lane warning departure system.
Functional safety requirement one.
The lane keeping items shall ensure that the lane departure
oscillating torque amplitude is below max torque amplitude.
Functional safety requirement two.
The lane keeping item shall ensure that
the lane departure oscillating torque frequency is below max torque frequency.
Notice again that we use the term shell,
because these are requirements.
So what have we done so far?
We started with a safety goal requiring the vibration to be limited.
We looked at the item architecture and came up with
two new requirements that would meet our safety goal.
We then figured out that the lane assistance item needed to
limit the vibration amplitude and vibration frequency.